Add brief summary to docs (#173)
ericmjl/pyjanitor: docs/index.rst

Welcome to pyjanitor's documentation!
=====================================

> Create verb-based API to extend Pandas with convenient data cleaning routine for

Reviewer: Minor grammar change:

```suggestion
pyjanitor is a project that extends Pandas with a verb-based API, providing convenient data cleaning routines for
```
